src/pages/work/peterghoffman-com.md, before:

---
templateKey: work
title: peterghoffman.com
type: client site
featured: true
draft: false
date: 2020-07-30T18:37:03.349Z
date-finish: 2021-05-18T17:29:34.961Z
description: Portfolio website for photographer Peter Hoffman. The home page is
  a randomized sequence of images that all look good together. Shows his client
  work as well as personal photography work.
featuredimage:
  - https://res.cloudinary.com/candusen/image/upload/v1600708498/Screen_Shot_2020-09-21_at_1.14.37_PM_dkv6wn.png
images:
  - https://res.cloudinary.com/candusen/image/upload/v1621359239/Screen_Shot_2021-05-18_at_1.32.03_PM_honked.png
  - https://res.cloudinary.com/candusen/image/upload/v1621359238/Screen_Shot_2021-05-18_at_1.32.42_PM_uxfpnt.png
  - https://res.cloudinary.com/candusen/image/upload/v1621359238/Screen_Shot_2021-05-18_at_1.33.14_PM_vxqobg.png
tags:
  - external
---
<div class='caption-container video-caption'><div className="mobile-video-cover">
    <video playsinline autoplay muted loop src=https://res.cloudinary.com/candusen/video/upload/v1621359048/ph-vid_hbppgk.mp4></video></div>
  <div class='caption'>The homepage features randomly shown sets of image that link to each other. Each time you click an image it shows you another related set.</div></div>

Commit message:

finished with content updates i think

src/pages/work/peterghoffman-com.md, after:

---
templateKey: work
title: peterghoffman.com
type: client site
featured: true
draft: false
date: 2020-07-30T18:37:03.349Z
date-finish: 2021-05-18T17:29:34.961Z
description: Portfolio website for photographer Peter Hoffman. The home page is
  a randomized sequence of images that all look good together. Shows his client
  work as well as personal photography work.
featuredimage:
  - https://res.cloudinary.com/candusen/image/upload/v1600708498/Screen_Shot_2020-09-21_at_1.14.37_PM_dkv6wn.png
postContent:
  - type: video
    video:
      - https://res.cloudinary.com/candusen/video/upload/v1621359048/ph-vid_hbppgk.mp4
    caption: The homepage features randomly shown sets of image that link to each other. Each time you click an image it shows you another related set.
  - type: image
    image:
      - https://res.cloudinary.com/candusen/image/upload/v1621359239/Screen_Shot_2021-05-18_at_1.32.03_PM_honked.png
  - type: image
    image:
      - https://res.cloudinary.com/candusen/image/upload/v1621359238/Screen_Shot_2021-05-18_at_1.32.42_PM_uxfpnt.png
  - type: image
    image:
      - https://res.cloudinary.com/candusen/image/upload/v1621359238/Screen_Shot_2021-05-18_at_1.33.14_PM_vxqobg.png
tags: client
---
